[Music]
Okay family, he's married,
Yuji has finally married today we have these
images of Yuji getting married I don't know if in the
end he's very handsome I don't know if in the end he
has I don't know if in the end it will be the
first LGBT wedding in Thailand, I mean they
changed the law recently that in
Thailand
LGBT people could get married and what and what They had
the thought I understood of being the
first wedding but I've been and Maur RG
bragging that he's a close
personal friend of Javi Yeah let's see friends
we're not internet buddies we don't get along
much either But I've never
heard anyone say that G today
we have a party or like Javi no no What's going on
party why why do you say it
pioneer wedding Well then pioneer wedding but I don't
know if it was like that or not in the end the
truth is that this is more of a
civil wedding a court a court and
em there's still a wedding I understand that they
weren't the first Oh this is what's
this man's name I mean patp or something
like that this man's name this man
supposedly kept the children
eh I was helping Fran with the kids Ah, he
's trans, a kiss, what the [ __ ] news
Javi, we don't care about two
people getting married, start rationing Sao But what do you
want us to see? Tell me what we see. Tell me what we
see. Ah, he's trans for TR, he
never stayed with the kids Ah Well, in
the news that came out in an article, the
top guy, oh, he's TR, damn, well I didn't know that, you
sapi fox, they denied it Ah well,
I didn't know that, you guy Ah well, I
thought that you told me there was a good
relationship, well they got married, py py, it's another
guy, it's another guy, he was the one who stayed
with the kids, this stop, what the [ __ ] Oh,
I have a problem with those people So
what the [ __ ], let's see
[Music]
and Jackie Chan is trans too and he's trans too Ah
well, I didn't know Well,
I loved him, he was like a
very close relative of hers Ah what a crisis, can we
see? Don't tell your mommy, laser
talked about you Don't [ __ ] with me, laser talked about me,
laser talked about me, I can't believe it  I
have another piece to see here oh what's
closed wait now I'll put it back
m I mean he was friends with Chris Core and
through him Yuji met Cris Core mm
fate Well I thought it was an uncle a
relative because in an article
it said like the uncle uncle uncle pat or
something like that well he had a longer Thai name
But you know they call each other
by nickname and I thought it was an uncle
like a very close friend of Yui's
damn well look at you How strange well no no I didn't think
the wedding was here
because look at you Fran and her
children were eating for her at her house at
Fran's house Fran and her children were eating for
her and and she was celebrating the wedding and
right now the children are there
Zorro and Sape are there have you
seen her in the videos in fact you have
seen her in the videos of de de plex I have
to see the last one that another last one uploaded
Oh damn well I'm freaking out you'll
see that the divorce is coming soon
Well then I wish her all the best
in fact she is very pretty eh I mean a  to me
yuji has always seemed like a
hottie, I mean, gorgeous, cutie,
completely gorgeous since she was young and now that she's
older she's still gorgeous. I wish her the
best and I wish she drops the
lawsuits against Fran, man that would be cool,
yeah, as a wedding present, as a
wedding present, well, since she's okay, no, that she's
happy and that we all live happily, no, that I
drop the lawsuits, man that would be nice. She's
better now that she's older than before.
Well now she's doing very well Karime but when she was
younger she was also a doll eh I mean
when I was doing that report that I
did eh the video she comes out as a
young girl, a singer and all that stuff, really cute, I
mean but she's a girl. I've been thinking
until today that she was
Yuji's guy I swear I've been
thinking until today that she was Yuji's guy I didn't know she was
a friend man sau man
yuji is prettier than Marifer Marifer the truth is that she's not really very pretty she's
okay but she's not very pretty no Karim
seriously I thought she was a guy the
top guy put in an article when these
days  I was there when I was doing that
report that I did there was an article
that said the top guy the top guy stays
with the nephews and I wondered that it was a
I know a relative an uncle of Yuji and
apparently it's a Migue and through there
comes Cris Core Well then I wish you
the best eh Congratulations and she looks very pretty
for the girlfriend and man let's see if let's see if
things calm down man that she doesn't want to
stay with the children and all that but at
least let him stop the quarrels [ __ ]
dragon what question is that says Javi
This is a serious question would you
prefer to die after or before your
wife is that he's looking Look at this is
that he's looking for the subject of let's see if
some news ends to find out
if it was the first now the laser is going to
say Don't pretend Javi well what did you know What the
what i
[Music]